.TH removentf 1M "August 3, 2001" "Sun Cluster 3.0"
.SH NAME
removentf \- remove the ntf server configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
For network-aware (client-server model) applications:

.B removentf
[
.B \-h
.I hostname
] [
.B \-v
]

For non network-aware (client-less) applications:

.B removentf
[
.B \-v
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B removentf
is a customized command that removes 
ntf server configurations from a cluster. Note that
.B removentf 
can only  remove ntf server configurations created with
the
.BR startntf (1M)
command because
.B removentf
and
.B startntf
use particular internal conventions for naming resources and resource 
groups.
.B removentf
executes a series of 
.BR scrgadm (1M)
and 
.BR scswitch (1M) 
commands that do the following:
.RS 5
.TP 2
\(bu
Disable the ntf resource (if not already disabled by the
.BR stopntf (1M)
command).
.TP
\(bu
Move the resource group containing the ntf resource offline
(if not already taken offline by the
.B stopntf
command).
.TP
\(bu
Remove the ntf resource from the resource group.
.TP
\(bu
Remove the resource group that contained the ntf resource from the cluster.
.TP
\(bu
Remove the LMEA.ntf resource type from the cluster.
.RS -5
.LP
.B removentf
is idempotent, that is, you can call it
more than once without an intervening call to
.B startntf
or
.BR stopntf .
You can call 
.B removentf
after calling 
.B stopntf 
(which disables the ntf resource and moves its
resource group offline). However,
you can also call
.B removentf
directly after
.B startntf
without calling
.BR stopntf ,
in which case,
.B removentf
disables the ntf resource and moves its resource group offline.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.BI \-h \0hostname
If specified, this optional parameter indicates the name of the
logical hostname or shared address
resource
that is used by the ntf application to communicate with its
clients over the network.
.B removentf
removes this network resource and the
resource group in which it resides, along with the ntf application resource. 
.TP
.B \-v
Turn on verbose output to print
all the
.BR scrgadm (1M)
and
.BR scswitch (1M)
commands 
.B removentf
executes.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP 10
.B 0
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B >0
Command did not complete.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR scdsbuilder (1HA),
.BR scrgadm (1M),
.BR scswitch (1M),
.BR startntf (1M),
.BR stopntf (1M)
