.TH startntf 1M "August 3, 2001" "Sun Cluster 3.0"
.SH NAME
startntf \- configure and bring online the ntf server
.SH SYNOPSIS
For failover services:

.B startntf
[
.B \-v
]
.ti +5n
.B \-h
.I hostname
.ti +5n
.B \-p
.I port_list
.ti +5n
[
.B \-n
.I netiflist
]

For scalable services:

.B startntf
[
.B \-v
]
.ti +5n
.B \-h
.I hostname
.ti +5n
.B \-p
.I port_list
.ti +5n
[
.B \-n
.I netiflist
]
.ti +5n
[
.B \-l
.I load_balancing_policy
]
.ti +5n
[
.B \-w
.I load_balancing_weights
]

For non network-aware (client-less) applications:

.B startntf
[
.B \-v
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B startntf
is a customized command that 
configures the ntf server and brings it online on a cluster.
.B startntf
executes a series of
.BR scrgadm (1M)
and
.BR scswitch (1M)
commands to do the following:
.RS 5
.TP 2
\(bu
Register the LMEA.ntf resource type.
.TP
\(bu
Create a resource group to contain the ntf resource.
.TP
\(bu
Add the ntf resource to the resource group.
.TP
\(bu
Enable the resource, make the resource group managed, and bring the resource
group online.
.RS -5
.LP
.B Note:
.B startntf
registers the resource type and creates a resource group only as necessary.
For example, if the resource type has already been registered, 
.B startntf
does not attempt to register it again. 
Likewise, if the resource is being added to an existing resource 
group, 
.B startntf 
does not attempt to create a new resource group but uses
the existing group.
.LP
You can edit the ntf_config file, 
before running
.BR startntf ,
to change the default names provided for the ntf resource and the
containing resource group.
See
.BR ntf_config (1M)
for details.
.LP
For network-aware applications,
.B startntf
also creates and brings online the appropriate logical hostname or shared address
resource
used for communication between clients and the server. See the
.BI -h \0hostname
option for more information.
.LP
Subsequently, you can use the 
.BR stopntf (1M)
command to disable and move offline resources and
resource groups created by 
.BR startntf .
You can use the
.BR removentf (1M)
command to remove resources, resource types, and resource groups
created by
.BR startntf.
.LP
The
.B startntf
command is idempotent, that is,
you can call it more than once without an intervening call to
.B stopntf
or
.BR removentf .
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 12
.BI \-h \0hostname
The address that clients of the application use
to communicate over the network with the server.
For a failover ntf server,
.B startntf
creates a logical hostname resource and adds it to the resource group 
containing the ntf server resource. 
.IP
For a scalable ntf server,
.B startntf 
creates a shared address resource and the
resource group to contain it. 
.IP
You can edit the ntf_config file, before running
.BR startntf ,
to change the default name provided for the shared address
resource group (see 
.BR ntf_config (1M)).
.TP
.B \-v
Turn on verbose output to print  
all the
.BR scrgadm (1M)
and
.BR scswitch (1M)
commands that
.B startntf
executes.
.TP
.BI \-p \0port_list
This mandatory argument specifies the port on which the
network-aware application will listen
and the protocol used for communication.
See
.BR r_properties (5)
for the format of this argument and for more information.
.TP
.BI \-n \0netiflist
This optional argument specifies either a list of network
adapters or a list of NAFO groups 
on all the nodes in the cluster
(see
.BR pnmd (1M)).
If you omit this argument,
.B startntf
attempts to discover the appropriate network adapters and configure
them into single-adapter NAFO groups.
See
.BR r_properties (5)
for the format of this argument and for more information.
.TP
.BI \-l \0load_balancing_policy
This optional argument specifies the load balancing policy.
See
.BR r_properties (5)
for the format of this argument and for more information.
.TP
.BI \-w \0load_balancing_weights
This optional argument specifies the load balancing weights.
See
.BR r_properties (5)
for the format of this argument and for more information.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP 10
.B 0
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B >0
Command did not complete.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR scdsbuilder (1HA),
.BR pnmd (1M),
.BR removentf (1M),
.BR scrgadm (1M),
.BR scswitch (1M),
.BR stopntf (1M),
.BR ntf_config (1M),
.BR r_properties (5)
